# LLMs-for-Lecture-Review
Maggie Hillebrecht
Topics of C++, Bjarne Stroustrup, and Game Development

"Knowing C++ will make it easier when you learn other programming languages" is what my first coding professor said to me at community college. In addition to this statement, he mentioned how much C++ has inspired other, more new programming languages such as Java and C#. I agree with his statment however, I was curious if C++ was inspired by anything when Bjarne Stroustrup created it in 1979. Thus my conversation with ChatGPT began. Chat explains to me that "The creator of C++, did not directly derive other languages when developing C++. Instead, C++ was built as an extension of the C language." Which is quite self explainatory. I have suprisingly, never looked into the C language all the much but have explored its extensions. I learned that C++ incorporates concepts from other languages such as Simula's classes and object, as well as, ALGOL's structure in programming. From this new knowledge, I wanted to dive deeper into my own personal use of C++. 

As someone studying game development and wanting to have a career in that field, it seems like C++ is used a lot in some major engines. Is C++ a very efficient language that allows for better performance? Chat replies that C++ has a low-level memory access, speed and efficiency, resource management, and performance optimization. This made a ton of sense with C++ having the ability to fine-tune a computers hardware and memory. This sparked curiousity on influential researchers who left their mark on the field of game development with C++. So I continued down the rabbit hole of knowledge with ChatGPT. John Carmack is one of the first developers for creating  ground breaking games using C++. Carmack's use of C++ in developing the id Tech engines set new standards for performance and real-time rendering in games. His work helped push the boundaries of what was possible in 3D game development and influenced how C++ was used for high-performance game engines. As you may have noticed at this point, I have taken the assignment of "conversing with an LLM" very literally. It is very one sided, but still a conversation. 

In my linear algebra course, it was mentioned that you could get scholastic research papers and articles. I wanted to test it out by asking Chat to give me some of articles, research, and books on C++. The response I got was a bit disappointing, and I realized that you needed to use a specific GPT in order to get the results I was looking for. Anyways, I had gotten a list of books and vague article titles to type into a search engine. The only link I got was to an article of the top C and C++ programming books https://www.hackerearth.com/blog/developers/list-top-c-c-books-programming-enthusiasts/ I got a little bit more specific in my question "Would you be able to send me scholastic research links and article links on what we talked about in regards to C++". A stand out article ChatGPT recommended me was a research done that evaluates which programming languages are suitable for teaching and practical use. The results from their scoring showed that C++ was a great foundational language to learn, as a lot of the demanding languages need in the industry were influenced by C++. https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0088941#s5 The other articles and books related more on why C++ is very used and how that came to be. To round out my conversation, I asked Chat for any interviews pertaining to the game development side of C++ and how it became industry standard. Since this isn't typically something talked about in interviews, Chat sent me this article on the reasons why C++ is industry standard. The article regurgitates the same talking points Chat gave me earlier https://www.analyticsinsight.net/insights/why-are-most-games-coded-in-c
